Balancing productivity and retention managing time zones is like juggling
different balls. Each ball is a team members working hours, you want to keep
them all in the air for Round the Clock productivity but also respect
everyone's time for better engagement and retention your time. Zone tool
action, steps 1 know, your zones, India East Chennai and Bangalore no daylight
savings Israel. IDT Raanana note Sunday to Thursday work week. USA PST, East,
Vancouver. Waltham Bethesda. Conshohocken 2. Find the overlap. Use a world
clock to see when everyone is online. Pro tip enable show world clock in
Google Calendar. This is a super helpful tool. Imagine seeing multiple clocks
right on your calendar, showing you the local time for each team. Member
scheduling challenge, you need to schedule a meeting with team members in.
India is real and the USA. What's the best way to find an overlap
that works for most people? A pick a time that works for you and
hope for the best B. Use a world clock tool to visually, find Common
working hours. See it for late night for one team. Early morning for another
hint. Option b is the most effective and respectful strategy.